cook chicken baked in the sleeve
for this
chicken salt
a little then smear such
adjika
grease costs about an hour and a half
marinated in this brine when all
ready I take the hand does not fit until the chicken
Elves are placed so that the seam was at the top
now we put the beetle chicken ready
a little bit
rose too there we fill and
tying up
press down and then a toothpick
we pierce several holes in order not to
there were 5 holes now put on the leaf
and put the oven in the oven leave for hours
one and a half convention mode and temperature
200 degrees in fifteen minutes
Internet access is to decrease the temperature of 170 and a half
hours I have it baked chicken
It turns out very juicy and with ruddy
crust chicken cooked it
it turned out carefully hide the package
because very portal or a little bit
cool and take out and
which one
the crust is clearly our chicken ready
you can begin to absorb such
yummy and liquid that remains
a little bit in the package, I do not throw away
I pour out some plate and then
use as a preparation
for example, if I cook pilaf
add it here it freezes fat
such a bridge is obtained so that all
it will come in handy bon appetit